next is module 1, click start planning
1 if user in budget department, go to page a, export template page.
2 if user not in budget department (normal user), page b, planning budget for normal user.

page a, export template page.
3 export template page, the page that budget department officer can export and import template csv to web, data send to fabric SQL database via fastapi.
4 Ask them text 'จะนำเข้าข้อมูลปีไหนครับ ระบุเป็น คศ เช่น 2024',before officer press button to export template named approved_budget_{yyyy}
5 export template named approved_budget_2024.csv
6 approved_budget_2024.csv In file, there's 15 cols, gl code, cost center, remark, jan, feb, ...,dec
7 7.1 gl code, ex. 5200016353
7.2 cost center, ex. 10PB010000, KKAW02
7.3 remark, free text comment transaction
7.4 jan, feb, ..., dec, 12 cols, budget value in thaibaht
8 approved_budget_2024.csv exported to user destop/download
9 user fill data on approved_budget_2024.csv import to web via button named 'import approved budget'
10 button named 'import approved budget' must have function check data imported valid or not, type is identical to system need. if type is diff from system alert box pop up 'รูปแบบข้อมูลไม่ถูกต้อง gl code ที่มีปัญหาและคอลัมที่มีปัญหา' if type is correct, display alert box pop up 'นำเข้าข้อมูลงบอนุมัติแล้วปี {yyyy} สำเร็จ' เช่น นำเข้าข้อมูลงบอนุมัติแล้วปี 2024 สำเร็จ, 2024 จับจาก file name.
11 below import or export button, there a table show data import to system,fabric sql db, table composed of 21 cols 7.1-7.4, col year, _load_dt, _load_dttm, _file_name, _emailuserupload, 'approved budget',data on the table is connected to fabric sql db near realtime. import batch data, mode is overwrite, key is year ex. Mr.A import 1st batch on year 2024, Mr.B import 2nd batch on year 2024, so import 2nd of Mr.B will replace all import 1st cuz data is the identical year.
12 Show table on web, data ingested to fabric sql db is diaplayed on web, cols on table can be filtered on web, default display data table is 100rows, if more than that add scroll bar(up and down). table cols is 7.1-7.4, col year.

page b, planning budget for normal user.
13 planning budget for normal user, in the page there 2 button(choice) to press 13.1 page, 14page
13.1 the page that normal user can fill data to web manually line by line. this page composed of 2 part (1) top page show username, สายงาน, ฝ่าย, ส่วน,  dropdown to select year 'กรอกงบรออนุมัติปีไหนครับ?', enlarge this part more distinct showed above body table. (2) body is table format, cols: 7.1 gl code, ex. 5200016353 (drop down & search text, display only their gl code)
7.2 cost center, ex. 10PB010000, KKAW02 (drop down & search text, display only their cost center)
7.3 remark, free text comment transaction
7.4 jan, feb, ..., dec, 12 cols, budget value in thaibaht (fill data manully row by row, in number only)
7.5 gl code thai name (display after gl code selected)
GL Code (General Ledger): Represents the "What" (Natural Account / Expense Type). It is global and standard across the entire organization.Cost Center (CC): Represents the "Who" (Organizational Unit / Budget Owner). It is granular and specific to a department's sub-function.One GL Code can be associated with Many Cost Centers (e.g., Salary GL applies to all IT sub-units).One Cost Center can contain Many GL Codes (e.g., IT-Software spends on Licenses, Staff, and Travel).
13.2 page13.1, >= 1 user can fill data (Real-time Concurrent) on same page, each user in same department see activity, filling number on running month, see gl code or costcenter is added (added row) ตัวระบบต้องมีตัวกลางจัดการสถานะ (เช่น WebSocket หรือ React Context) เพื่อให้ User เห็นการเปลี่ยนแปลงพร้อมกันโดยไม่ต้องกด Refresh.
13.3 each user can save draft, ex. activity 1, user A filldata and save draft. activity 2 user B open web see realtime activity user A doing and fill or revise data user A version and save draft. so activity 2 is lasted data version. activity 3 user c open web seeing lasted data version of activity 2 and revised data press save draft again to memorize current version 3, activity 4 user c open web again see that data completem press submit button, pop up alert 'request approve งบรออนุมัติ' with confirm button.
13.4 Press confirm button, email is send to manager to approved request.
13.5 manager press approve button on email outlook. data will ingest to fabric sql db, ingest mode is upsert, update existing data by key, key is gl code, cost center, year (select on top part web). if key not matched, insert new row.
so user can't select dropdown identical key, meaning user can't select gl code and cost center and same year เป็นครั้งที่สอง to fill data again เพราะ key จะ duplicate
14 special template page,


after press Edit GL Group & Thai, 
1go to page GL Group & Thai Name Master
2purpose is budget department can edit gl master themself
3table composed of gl code, gl group, gl thai name
4gl code dropdown&able to serach (data pulled from SAP)
5gl group dropdown&able to serach & can create new group or edit existing group name
6gl thai name, free text
7after edit done, press save button, revise data showed on table as top row

after press Edit Cost Center & Division,
1go to page Cost Center & Division
2purpose is user can edit Description & C level & Division & Department & Section themself
3table composed of Cost Center & Description & C level & Division & Department & Section
4Cost Center dropdown&able to serach (data pulled from SAP)
5Description & C level & Division & Department & Section showed lasted version, user can edit each
6after edit done, press save button, revise data showed on table as top row

replace Cost Center & Division Master with Edit Orgcode & Cost center Master,
1go to page Orgcode & Cost center
2purpose is user can map Orgcode & Cost center themself
3table composed of Orgcode(from sap) & orgnameth (pop up after select orgcode) & Cost center(free to fill, number or ENG พิมใหญ่ เท่านั้น)
4Orgcode dropdown&able to serach (data pulled from SAP)
5after edit done, press save button, revise data showed on table as top row
6format page same as Edit GL Group & Thai Name Master





